feat: PHP Care Pet (#119)
scylladb/care-pet: php/README.md

[INFO] ...
````

#### ScyllaDB Commands

##### Running Nodetool:
`````shell
$ docker exec -it carepet-scylla1 nodetool status
=======================
Datacenter: datacenter1
=======================
Status=Up/Down
|/ State=Normal/Leaving/Joining/Moving
--  Address    Load       Tokens       Owns    Host ID                               Rack
UN  10.10.5.2  212 KB     256          ?       f6121e15-48df-4b31-b725-3ad2795b8b94  rack1
UN  10.10.5.3  1.06 MB    256          ?       871795f3-67d2-47ba-83ef-15714b89c02a  rack1
UN  10.10.5.4  1.06 MB    256          ?       cbe74a63-2cf4-41c2-bf7f-c831c0d2689f  rack1
`````

##### Running Container Shell:

````shell
$ docker exec -it carepet-scylla1 bash

   _____            _ _       _____  ____
  / ____|          | | |     |  __ \|  _ \
 | (___   ___ _   _| | | __ _| |  | | |_) |
  \___ \ / __| | | | | |/ _` | |  | |  _ <
  ____) | (__| |_| | | | (_| | |__| | |_) |
 |_____/ \___|\__, |_|_|\__,_|_____/|____/
               __/ |
              |___/
Nodetool:
        nodetool help
CQL Shell:
        cqlsh
More documentation available at:
        http://www.scylladb.com/doc/

root@7e2b1b94389b:/#
````
##### Inspecting a Container

> _You can inspect any node by means of the `docker inspect` command as follows. For example:_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_You can inspect any node by means of the `docker inspect` command as follows. For example:_
_You can inspect any node using the `docker inspect` command as follows. For example:_
```

Suggestion.

> _You can inspect any node by means of the `docker inspect` command as follows. For example:_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_You can inspect any node using the `docker inspect` command as follows. For example:_
```

suggestion

# Care Pet ScyllaDB IoT example

This example project demonstrates a generic IoT use case for ScyllaDB in PHP.

> Here you will find a list with possible drivers to integrate.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here you will find a list of possible drivers for integration.
```
```suggestion
Here you will find a list of possible drivers to integrate with.
```

| PHP 7.1 [x] | [DataStax PHP Driver](https://github.com/datastax/php-driver)                  |
| PHP 8.1     | [Cassandra PHP Driver (dev)](https://github.com/qkdreyer/cassandra-php-driver) |

The documentation for this application and guided exercise is [here](../docs).

## Quick Start
The application allows tracking of pets health indicators and consist in a CLI of three parts:

| Command             | Description                                                |
|---------------------|------------------------------------------------------------|
| php scylla migrate  | creates the `carepet` keyspace and tables                  |
| php scylla simulate | generates a pet health data and pushes it into the storage |
| php scylla serve    | REST API service for tracking pets health state            |

Prerequisites:
- [docker](https://www.docker.com/)
- [docker-compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/)

## Setup

To run a local **ScyllaDB cluster** consisting of three nodes and the **PHP Workspace** with
the help of `docker` and `docker-compose` execute:

````shell
$ docker-compose up -d
````    

> Docker-compose will spin up three nodes which is:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Docker-compose will spin up three nodes which are:
```

`````shell
$ docker ps
CONTAINER ID   IMAGE                    COMMAND                  CREATED       STATUS       PORTS                                                                      NAMES
14a656685517   care-pet-php-workspace   "/bin/sh -c /bin/bas…"   1 minute ago   Up 1 minute   9000/tcp                                                                   workspace-php
4e351dfe3987   scylladb/scylla          "/docker-entrypoint.…"   1 minute ago   Up 1 minute   22/tcp, 7000-7001/tcp, 7199/tcp, 9042/tcp, 9160/tcp, 9180/tcp, 10000/tcp   carepet-scylla2
9e7e4d3992df   scylladb/scylla          "/docker-entrypoint.…"   1 minute ago   Up 1 minute   22/tcp, 7000-7001/tcp, 7199/tcp, 9042/tcp, 9160/tcp, 9180/tcp, 10000/tcp   carepet-scylla3
7e2b1b94389b   scylladb/scylla          "/docker-entrypoint.…"   1 minute ago   Up 1 minute   22/tcp, 7000-7001/tcp, 7199/tcp, 9042/tcp, 9160/tcp, 9180/tcp, 10000/tcp   carepet-scylla1
`````

> If you have any error regarding "premature connection", restart your docker instance and wait a minute until
> your ScyllaDB connection be established. 

> ... and also will create the **php-workspace**, where your web server will run. You can access them with the `docker`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
... and it will also create the **php-workspace**, where your web server will run. You can access them with the `docker`
```

Use HELP for help.
cqlsh>
````

````sql
cqlsh> DESCRIBE KEYSPACES
carepet  system_schema  system_auth  system  system_distributed  system_traces
````

````sql
cqlsh> USE carepet;
cqlsh:carepet> DESCRIBE TABLES
pet  sensor_avg  gocqlx_migrate  measurement  owner  sensor
````
````sql
cqlsh:carepet> DESCRIBE TABLE pet
CREATE TABLE carepet.owner (
                               owner_id uuid PRIMARY KEY,
                               address text,
                               name text
) WITH bloom_filter_fp_chance = 0.01
      AND caching = {'keys': 'ALL', 'rows_per_partition': 'ALL'}
      AND comment = ''
      AND compaction = {'class': 'SizeTieredCompactionStrategy'}
      AND compression = {'sstable_compression': 'org.apache.cassandra.io.compress.LZ4Compressor'}
      AND crc_check_chance = 1.0
      AND dclocal_read_repair_chance = 0.0
      AND default_time_to_live = 0
      AND gc_grace_seconds = 864000
      AND max_index_interval = 2048
      AND memtable_flush_period_in_ms = 0
      AND min_index_interval = 128
      AND read_repair_chance = 0.0
      AND speculative_retry = '99.0PERCENTILE';

cqlsh:carepet> exit
````

> To start pet collar simulation execute the following in the separate terminal:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To start pet collar simulation, execute the following in a separate terminal:
```

$ docker-compose up -d
````    

Docker-compose will spin up three nodes which are:

- carepet-scylla1
- carepet-scylla2
- carepet-scylla3

If you want to see your containers running, run the `docker ps` command, and you should see something like this:

`````shell
$ docker ps
CONTAINER ID   IMAGE                    COMMAND                  CREATED       STATUS       PORTS                                                                      NAMES
14a656685517   care-pet-php-workspace   "/bin/sh -c /bin/bas…"   1 minute ago   Up 1 minute   9000/tcp                                                                   workspace-php
4e351dfe3987   scylladb/scylla          "/docker-entrypoint.…"   1 minute ago   Up 1 minute   22/tcp, 7000-7001/tcp, 7199/tcp, 9042/tcp, 9160/tcp, 9180/tcp, 10000/tcp   carepet-scylla2
9e7e4d3992df   scylladb/scylla          "/docker-entrypoint.…"   1 minute ago   Up 1 minute   22/tcp, 7000-7001/tcp, 7199/tcp, 9042/tcp, 9160/tcp, 9180/tcp, 10000/tcp   carepet-scylla3
7e2b1b94389b   scylladb/scylla          "/docker-entrypoint.…"   1 minute ago   Up 1 minute   22/tcp, 7000-7001/tcp, 7199/tcp, 9042/tcp, 9160/tcp, 9180/tcp, 10000/tcp   carepet-scylla1
`````

> > If you have any error regarding "premature connection", restart your docker instance and wait a minute until
> > your ScyllaDB connection be established. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> If you have any error related to "premature connection", restart your docker instance and wait a minute until
> your ScyllaDB connection is re-established.
```
